# 2021-Boeing-Internship-Final-Test
After testing his interns weekly, my mentor decided to give us our final Java test, which included classes, objects, arrays, for loops, linked lists, priority queue, and many other attributes.

**Essay on the internship**
“I do not think you are ready to take on what you are aspiring to do,” he professed. Hearing these words from my mentor, my heart plummeted.  
This past summer, I participated in the 2021 High School Boeing Internship, an opportunity offered through my school. I had sent in my application to a selection committee and completed an interview. When I was eventually chosen with four other students, I was excited to see what lay ahead of me. I wanted to use the internship to learn college-level programming and to possibly even create an application that I had been planning. 
My first meeting with my new mentor, Mr. Lee, was a rude awakening. He informed us that his rigorous program would tackle complex coding concepts. Half of us, he claimed, would leave his group before the internship had ended. My heart raced. As I listened, I could feel the hamster in my brain running as fast as it could on its wheel. At that moment, I decided that I was going to stay, no matter how challenging the program was. 
After our first assessment with Mr. Lee, I found that I was significantly below his very high expectations. I had some good ideas but was not practiced in Java; I had not been exposed to real-world applications or their designs. Assessment after assessment, I received poor reviews:  “Based on this code, I suggest you re-learn the basic concepts because you don’t know how to write a basic Java class," he admitted.  I could smell his bitter disappointment every time his blue avatar popped up on the WebEx meeting screen.
Yet with each task, I advanced.  I learned about variable naming, layers, having a business design, calling on classes and objects, method formatting, and effective code manipulation. For hours, my hands would race over the keyboard while my eyes darted frantically between my monitors. In addition to the 30 hours I spent in mentor meetings, 12 hours in  Integrated Product Team meetings, and 12 hours researching for the Engineering Design Challenge, I put in around 30 hours over the eight weeks focused solely on making the perfect code for Mr. Lee. After each code assessment, Mr. Lee analyzed everyone’s code. He evaluated my code and showed his implementation, and every time I took his advice and went to go fix my code for the previous assessment. I wanted to prove that I could do it not only for Mr. Lee, but for myself, too. I wanted to demonstrate that if I put in the time I could meet the rigorous demands of a professional programmer.
By week five, I finally gave Mr. Lee some advanced code. He said that there were a few small mistakes that I would quickly see when he reviewed them, but otherwise my code was polished. I was thrilled to get his feedback: “From the code assessment today, Alexander’s code is awesome.”
My work had paid off, but it was not enough. I wanted to continue giving him that perfect code. I kept on practicing and reworking my old code for improvements, deepening my understanding of Java basics and programming in general. Over the next two weeks, I gave Mr. Lee some of the best code that I had ever made, genuinely impressing him with how much I had improved from my first week. In my last assessment, I felt ecstatic when he noted, “Alexander completed the code quickly with a clean code design. Good job, Alexander. You should be proud of yourself. Your extra effort has paid off.”
     I had worked hard during this internship, coming out of it a better and more experienced worker.  Through my endeavors, I learned to create well-designed code, satisfying my demanding mentor and myself.  I plan to pursue my passion, taking that newfound dedication and sense of pride with me into college to continue learning and gaining real world experience.
